It all started with a DM to @patkiernan. Actually, it all started with some traffic tweets. Romantic!
Replying to @Blackbirds @IMAX and 3 others You had us at @IMAX.
Here are five tools you can use to control your experience on Twitter.
@ATT will be donating $1 for every Tweet using #JLoNOW the night of the concert to help aid the Puerto Rico relief effort.
A dog making moves, a goat kickflipping, and a clingy cat — it’s the @Twitter video recap!
We're partnering with @MarvelStudios and @IMAX to LIVE stream an exclusive cast Q&A, right here on Twitter February 12th! Tweet your questions with #BlackPantherLive and they may be answered during the stream.
President Trump's first #SOTU address is streaming LIVE here on Twitter. Tap below to watch now and follow the conversation.
From 1789 to 2018, see how the State of the Union (#SOTU) tradition has adapted with the times and latest technology.
Watching the Grammys on twitter lol
Go behind music's biggest night with #GRAMMYs GIFs of some of your favorite artists
This Holocaust Remembrance Day each Tweet with #HolocaustMemorialDay and #HMD2018 will unlock a purple flame emoji, a symbol of light and hope for the future.
Stunning images are emerging from Women’s Marches across North America. #WomensMarch2018
featuring some of the best players in high school basketball. Tap the reminder button on mobile and follow @TwitterLive to catch all the streams!
Dear Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., I Thank GOD for your life, your heart, your dignity, your sacrifice, your spirit, your charm, your dreams + your light that you used to Better all mankind. You helped the world to see we are All GODs Children connected  by the thread of humanity.
"Everyone has the POWER FOR GREATNESS, not for fame but greatness, because greatness is determined by service" -MLK
In case you missed it, we’ve got some of this week’s best Tweets
Habari Gani? #OTD in 1966, #Kwanzaa was founded as an African American cultural holiday, centered around seven principles based on African culture to build and reinforce community. Each day of Kwanzaa represents a different principle, or "Nguzo Saba," in Swahili.
A bit of cuteness, a dash of music, a sprinkle of "omg I biffed my first ever college exam"...it’s the @Twitter video recap!
Don’t miss @tiesto LIVE in concert this Saturday and follow @TwitterLive to stay up-to-date on everything streaming this week.
Twitter recognized my greatness and asked me to show newbies the ropes. I said I'd do it if they put me in a movie. So they did!
We’re also making it easier for you to find and read Tweets in a thread. Tap ‘Show this thread’ to see all the Tweets.
Let a little @LianeV into your heart. She’s our Creator of the Month!
It minimizes data usage, loads quickly on slower connections, and installs in less than 3MB on your Android device.
*Pardon* this interruption: The annual @WhiteHouse National Thanksgiving Turkey Pardoning Ceremony is LIVE on Twitter
We’ve got everything you need to know fromToday we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers. the world of music, film, entertainment, and beyond with
Today we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers.
Starting today, your Twitter display name can be up to 50 characters in length! Go ahead, add that middle name or even a few more emojis.
We're expanding the character limit! We want it to be easier and faster for everyone to express themselves.
Five days of Deepavali celebrations begin today! This year, Tweet a rangoli emoji every time you wish someone #HappyDiwali, so join in!